glob's irc time tracking bot.
currently running on irc.mozilla.org #timetracker

ABOUT

this bot monitors you irc status changes, and keeps a track of when you are in
its channel and not "away".

i use to to keep a track on my hours to keep my work/life balance in order, as
well as logging for tax purposes.

INSTALLATION

1. copy configuration.json.sample to configuration.json and edit
2. run 'setup' and install any missing perl modules.  repeat running 'setup'
   until no errors are reported.
3. run 'bot start'

REGISTRATION

join the configured channel.

to run commands either enter them into the channel preceded with ! (eg.
!help), or send the bot a private message.

use the "register" command to start tracking.
use the "timezone" command to set your local timezone (defaults to us/pacific).
use the "hours" command to set your weekly hours (defaults to 40).

COMMANDS

syntax: day [date]
shows details of the hours online for the specified date.
defaults to today if no date is provided.

syntax: edit "date" "adjustment" "reason"
adjusts the hours worked for the specified date.
eg. edit "last tuesday" "+8 hours" "public holidays"
eg. edit 2014-04-29 -45m left myself logged in during lunch

syntax: edits date
shows all your edits for the specified date.

syntax: help [command]
displays a list of commands, or help for a specific command if provided.

syntax: hours [hours]
displays or sets the number of hours you work per week.
the default is 40 hours per week.

syntax: register
register your current nick to be tracked by timetracker.
you must be both registered and in #timetracker for your time to be tracked.

syntax: status
displays the last known status of your nick, either Away or Online.

syntax: timezone [zone|find zone]
displays or sets your time zone.
use "find" to grep for valid time zones
the default time zone is PST8PDT.

syntax: week [date]
shows a summary of the hours online for the specified date.
defaults to this week if no date is provided.

syntax: year [year]
shows a summary of the months online for the specified calendar year.
